The Joe Rogan experience. So when you put.
Together JFK,
you have this film that is about this incredibly important subject,
but yet you want to make it interesting and you want to make it a great film and
you succeeded in doing that. But what is,
what is that like doing that balancing act of having so much information to
tell that story is so complex.
It was three hours in 10, 12 minutes. And, uh, I got it through the system,
which is unbelievable. I'll tell you how later, but at the time I was,
I needed the protagonist and the protagonist. And who was the guy? You know,
the only person who ever brought any kind of charges publicly was Jim Garrison
in new Orleans. He was a district attorney and I read his book.
He wrote two books and I actually got to know him. And, uh,
he was a man who would like 20 years after he did this and went through hell,
came back to it and wrote another book. And that's the book I Mo I bought.
In other words, he was devoted to the subject like you are.
He believed a lot more than me.
He'd been a Patriot in world war II and he'd served in Korea. He'd been,
he'd been a sheep. I mean, he'd been called every name in the book.
He, but he, as a Patriot, he firmly believed that, uh, Mr. Kennedy was killed,
uh, by these intelligence forces. And he went after it.
And in those days you just couldn't do it.
You couldn't prove a covert operation.
He got killed by the press killed. And that's we've.
Now we've found out a lot more about why, what was going on.
We know a lot more facts about how the media went after him with,
a lot of accusations and made him look as bad as possible. Well, Kevin.
Costner did an amazing job of playing him in your movie too. Well.
It was the basis of the bait. Once you get a Costner in the middle of it,
then you can start to move. You got an interesting central character.
Then you bring in all these crazies that you read,
you read about people like Jack and Maui, Walter.
Matthau all the lunatics around new Orleans,
Dallas involved in the war against Cuba, and you get Lee. And then,
so I wanted, then I wanted to Lee Harvey, Oswald character,
which is to tell a little bit of his story. So I had two stories,
Garrison and Oswald. I got to know marina. I didn't, you know,
the track to a lot of the Oswald story, not enough of it, but there's more now,
but it's,
he seems to have been definitely in the employ of the CIA when he went to Russia
the first time. And when he came back again, he was,
there's too much evidence of it. Yeah. We want to bring that out too. But,
uh, that story becomes, and then the third story would be the daily Plaza,
the actual asset fascination. So Garrison's not there.
He has to go back into the past to, to find this out, right?
So there's that thread, that whole Dallas section is part of the,
as part of the structure. It starts the movie, but it also,
we go back to it at the right time. And at the climax,
we go back to it for the time, the way, the way it probably happened.
C so then that's three stories. And then the fourth story,
if you want to know the truth in my thinking at that time was a Donald
Sutherland, a business that comes into the movie at the halfway point.
And he gives Garrison a lot of new information because Garrison
thinks he was dealing on a local level.
He thinks he's dealing with something that's in new Orleans.
He's not sure what beyond it. So he,
and now Hoehn says it's a much bigger story,
which sends Costner to the last act, going to Dallas.
And it's too much for the Costner character. He, you know,
he's blown away by it.
He knows he's up against forces are much larger than he ever thought.
And this trial, who was the,
what was the motivation for the Donald Sutherland character.
Fletcher Prouty. He was a Lieutenant Colonel in the air force.
He was the focal officer between the CIA and the Pentagon,
but an old timer world war II done a lot of service.
And he was in charge of basically providing the CIA with military
equipment for covert operations. He worked in Tibet.
He worked on a lot of the operations in the fifties and the late forties.
We had operations going on in Ukraine, uh, Ukraine,
uh, at China Tibet. He was, uh, he trained,
uh, Tibetans in the Colorado mountains and many stories.
He's written several books. Uh, he was, uh,
he was a keen observer of the differences that were going on.
He knew Dallas used to brief him and told me stories
about then everything changed after Kennedy was clearly described.
You got to meet him. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah.
I hung out with him here at Garrison, too. I mean,
both of these were authentic men and Fletcher described, you know,
the difference after November 63, he felt it right.
Or he left the Pentagon a year later. It was over, uh,
there was something that changed in the country and sure enough,
we were in Vietnam faster than you can imagine. The combat troops. Yeah.
Another crazy character in that whole,
the whole historical record is Jack Ruby. Yeah. He's a, he's a very strange one.
And uh, I just read a book called, uh, chaos by Tom O'Neill.
It's about the CIA and a Manson in the sixties. Oh yeah. I know the book. Yeah.
Yeah. It's very interesting.
But Ruby is in that book as well because Ruby was actually visited by,
I forget his name, jolly something jolly. What's his name?
Jolly west. Thank you. Um,
who was the central character in MK ultra,
who they believe was involved in these various? Uh, see.
Yeah, that's a plastic. So.
Now it comes off my arm. Don't worry about it. I'm listening. Uh, but he was a,
a central character in the CIA's of
LSD during the whole operation, midnight climax in San Francisco.
And they ran a free clinic and Haight Ashbury.
That's connected to Manson where they were giving people LSD and running
studies on him.
And he went up to visit Ruby in prison and Ruby who had shown
no psychological trauma or distress after he left was a mess
curled up in the fetal position on the ground and was thinking they were burning
Jews in the streets and literally was in a psychotic state.
And they think they dosed him up while he was in jail. Yeah.
He seems to be the mob connection.
To this thing. Yes. Yeah. You can put your arm back back. Yeah. It's uh.
No, uh, rubies, uh, his contacts alone.
It goes back many years to the forties. He was quite a,
he was mobbed up completely and didn't want to do it. He was forced into doing,
why do you think he was forced? What, what do you think it was?
I think he was scared about what, well,
I have never followed that in depth because the, you know,
people may say that we organized crime, killed him.
I don't believe that because they didn't have the power to pull this thing off.
I think that they they're an element to it. Yeah.
You wanted somebody to run out on his wall, right?
Probably on his wall was intended to die there on that day, USA. Uh,
there's a lot of things that pointed that direction, but he didn't,
and he couldn't be allowed to go to this crazy Jack Ruby to do. I mean,
they killed off that, oh, everything that I was all said,
and that station police station has gone. Yeah, it's a hearsay. But, uh,
what he said in the corridor outside, it's very interesting. And, uh,
we know that Ruby was there. So it will be,
I think was pushed into this thing because they had to make it,
it was a quick operation. You got to get to them, you know, and it's really.
Crazy. The story plays out 12 years later,
when on the Geraldo Rivera show,
Dick Gregory brings us a prude or film and introduce it to the American public.
And then they get the chance to see Kennedy's head going back into the left.
Yeah. And everybody's like, what? Yeah.
That's disgusting story. But, uh, you know, the, on the, on the,
on the Ruby affair, don't forget the will also,
he was urgently asking the Warren commission, get me to Washington.
I want to talk to Jesus. You know what? He knew. He didn't know everything.
I don't think anyone knew everything that he knew his part of it.
So the whole idea was how can you get cancer out of the blue like that?
So suddenly so suddenly and die so quickly. Now there again,
there's a lot of cancer experimentation going on at this point in the sixties,
the doctors in the MLK cancer too, there was a huge, huge,
uh, experiment. There was a doctor in new Orleans. I forgot his name,
but working on it. And Derek David ferry was one of these people who knew him,
very had a lot of mice and he was operating on his mind. He was using his mice,
his cancer, uh, feeding them huge doses of cancer.
The idea was that they said they were going to kill Castro with it, uh,
you know,
inject Castro with a needle and kill them because they make it so
strong. And they're getting this cancer to play.
They're building up through these mice,
a cancer that was so powerful that could kill. I mean,
I heard everything on this film, but that seems to be truth to this.
Do you feel like you're going to put it to bed with this documentary in your,
in your mind? Like you can.
I mean, I'll have Jim to Eugenia working with me. He's, he's followed his thing.
Like he's a fifth generation researcher and he's very, very up to date, but, uh,
when is this coming out? It's I don't know yet. Well,
I don't know if we can get it out. We're going to try. Okay.